docs: review communities REST API docs (#147)
inveniosoftware/docs-invenio-rdm: docs/install/run.md

            "doc_count": 13
        },
        {
            "key": "project",
            "doc_count": 10
        }
        ]
      }
    },
    "links": {
    "self": "https://127.0.0.1:5000/api/communities?page=1&size=25&sort=newest",
    "next": "https://127.0.0.1:5000/api/communities?page=2&size=25&sort=newest"
    }
  }
}
```

#### Notes
- Results are abbreviated for ease of reading.
- [jq](https://github.com/stedolan/jq) is for pretty formating and coloring.

### Create communities

!!! info "Authentication required"

    All requests to the create-related REST API endpoints require authentication.
#### Create a community

You can create a new community using the API:

```bash
curl -k -XPOST -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://127.0.0.1:5000/api/communities?access_token=<token> -d '{
  "access": {
    "visibility": "public",
    "member_policy": "open",
    "record_policy": "open"
  },
  "id": "yet_another_community",
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Brand New Community",
    "description": "This is an example Community.",
    "type": "event",
    "curation_policy": "This is the kind of records we accept.",
    "page": "Information for my community.",

>     "website": "https://inveniosoftware.org/"

Reviewer: You can use a real example here, e.g. "Awesome Repositories Conf 2021", with an appropriate description/curation_policy, etc.

  }
}'
```

#### Update a community

> You can renamed a community using the API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update a community's profile and access settings using the API. 
```

```bash
curl -k -XPUT -H "Content-Type: application/json" https://127.0.0.1:5000/api/communities/yet_another_community?access_token=<token> -d '{
  "access": {
    "visibility": "restricted",
    "member_policy": "open",
    "record_policy": "open"
  },
  "id": "yet_another_community",
  "metadata": {
    "title": "Updated Comm Name"
  }
}'
```

### Rename a community

> You can update the community, access and metadata fields using the API:

Reviewer: I think you swapped the above description with this one :)

Check the [Cleanup section](./cleanup.md) if you wish to remove every
reference to InvenioRDM from Docker (containers, images, networks, etc.).

> 
> 
> 

Reviewer: One empty line at the bottom is good.
```suggestion

```
